Namaste React
Assignment 1

Theory

1. What is Emmet ? 

Emmet is a plugin for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow //definition from official website
Emmet can be used as a powerful tool with which we can quickly develop the essential boilerplate code on single key press.

2. Difference between library and framework ?

The framework provides the whole structure of the application and lot of packages with itself. 
Whereas a library is just a enhanced version of the core with which the user can build
application and form our own structure of code.
 
3. What is CDN? Why do we use it ?
CDN is content delivery network. Distributed group of servers which 
work together to provide fast delivery of the internet content.

4. Why React is called React ?

React is called React because it was designed to be a declarative, 
efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

5. What is cross-origin in script tags ?

The crossorigin attribute is a CORS settings attribute. 
It controls, for scripts that are obtained from other origins, 
whether error information will be exposed.

6. Difference between React and ReactDOM ?

On perspective of two script tags being included from React CDN,

React is the library being imported and used for building user interfaces.

ReactDOM is used for manipulating and doing changes in the Document Object Model (DOM).

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

Basically, development.js file can be used for development purposes and 
production.js file contains a minified, optimised code for using in production.

Other than this, all operations can be performed using both files.

8. Async vs defer in script tags ?

In async, the script fetching is done parellel with HTML parsing. 
Once the script is fetched, HTML parsing is stopped and the script execution starts.
HTML parsing is continued only after the completion of the script execution.

In defer, The HTML parsing continues and in parellel, the script fetching happens.
HTML parsing continues even after the script is fetched and script only executes only after HTML parsing is done



